Add OSMO AMR Navigation test case (#1018)
aws-samples/awsome-distributed-training: 3.test_cases/osmo/AMRNavigation/kubernetes/README.md

# AMR Navigation Pipeline on Kubernetes (Amazon EKS)

Step-by-step instructions for running the warehouse AMR navigation pipeline on Amazon EKS with NVIDIA OSMO orchestration.

## Prerequisites

1. **Amazon EKS cluster** with Kubernetes 1.29+ and Karpenter installed
2. **GPU nodes**: G5/G6 instances (rendering pool) + P-series (training pool) with NVIDIA GPU Operator
3. **NVIDIA OSMO** + **KAI Scheduler** installed
4. **NGC API key**: Sign up at [ngc.nvidia.com](https://ngc.nvidia.com/) and generate an API key
5. **S3 bucket** for inter-stage data with IRSA configured
6. **Tools**: `kubectl`, `docker`, `aws` CLI, `envsubst`, `osmo` CLI

### OSMO Control Plane Prerequisites

> The pipeline requires OSMO control plane components. Follow the [NVIDIA OSMO installation guide](https://docs.nvidia.com/osmo/) to deploy OSMO on your EKS cluster, then verify readiness:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pipeline requires OSMO control plane components. Follow the [NVIDIA OSMO installation guide](https://nvidia.github.io/OSMO/main/deployment_guide/index.html) to deploy OSMO on your EKS cluster, then verify readiness:
```
